README.md, before:

# QuizMaker with DAO
This version of QuizMaker includes 3 DAO implementations:
 * one for reading from text files
 * one for reading from a database.
 * one for reading from an API, [Open Trivia API](https://opentdb.com/api_config.php)

Which one depends on what the user selects.

To set up the database, create a new database in pgAdmin called QuizMaker.
Then open a query window and run the `quiz_db.sql` file from the /database folder of this project.

    ApiQuizQuestionDao  - class that reads from the Open Trivia Api
    JdbcQuizQuestionDao - class that sends SQL commands using the JdbcTemplate class.
    FileQuizQuestionDao - class that reads quiz questions from a text file 
    QuizQuestionDao     - Dao interface that is implemented by ApiQuizQuestionDao, JdbcQuizQuestionDao, and FileQuizQuestionDao  

After starting the program, select where to load the quiz questions from.
The File and Database sources are already completed, but **the API is not**.
Afterwards, select a quiz number and the corresponding quiz will be loaded.

Commit message:

updated readme to include origin of model classes

README.md, after:

# QuizMaker with DAO
This version of QuizMaker includes 3 DAO implementations:
 * one for reading from text files
 * one for reading from a database.
 * one for reading from an API, [Open Trivia API](https://opentdb.com/api_config.php)

Which one depends on what the user selects.

To set up the database, create a new database in pgAdmin called QuizMaker.
Then open a query window and run the `quiz_db.sql` file from the /database folder of this project.

    ApiQuizQuestionDao  - class that reads from the Open Trivia Api
    JdbcQuizQuestionDao - class that sends SQL commands using the JdbcTemplate class.
    FileQuizQuestionDao - class that reads quiz questions from a text file 
    QuizQuestionDao     - Dao interface that is implemented by ApiQuizQuestionDao, JdbcQuizQuestionDao, and FileQuizQuestionDao  

After starting the program, select where to load the quiz questions from.
The File and Database sources are completed, but **the API is not**.
Afterwards, select a quiz number and the corresponding quiz will be loaded.

## Miscellaneous

The model classes used in this starter code were generated from [jsonschema2pojo.org](https://www.jsonschema2pojo.org/) with the following settings:

![trivia api schema](./images/json-trivia-schema.png)
